hi how about black point is already approaching
Christmas and preparations are
begin to give place on these dates the
today I explain to you how to do this
cute Christmas palette to decorate your
Christmas tree
do not
we take our three leaves of family
in different color and we will draw and
cut a foami strip of 1.5
centimeters by the length of the sheet
each color
In total we must have three strips of
different color of 1.5 centimeters per
the length of the sheet of foami we arrange
the foami strips in the order that you
you want and we'll start rolling up
form a spiral
when the color that is above is us
have finished we will cut the others
strips to your size
we take the curling ribbon and cut
a stretch of 5 centimeters
approximately
we take a pin
we join the ribbon from end to end
curling
we arrange the base that we form with the
ribbon at the tips of the spiral
insert the pin between the ribbon and
in the forn and to join them
or
we put a drop of film with liquid
on the head of the pin and the ribbon
to prevent it from peeling off or breaking
the ribbon on the bottom of the
we will wash the tip of the scissors
having this hole we take the stick
of plastic and we cut it in half
Y
we put a plastic stick to the
hole for molding
we take out and put some silicone
liquid in the hole for later
insert the stick again and it does not
take off
and ready so easy and colorful you can
decorate your Christmas tree too
you can make more pallets with leaves
foami of different colors
If you like this tutorial do not forget to give
like and share
do not forget to subscribe look for one in
facebook follow me on twitter and visit
my blog